Doc 1683/changelog (#615)
swan-io/docs: changelog/2026/2026-04-09.mdx

---
title: 9 April 2026
type: release
---

## New features

🔔 [Physical cards](/topics/cards/physical/guide-activate#activation-reminder-notifications) that haven't been activated after their estimated delivery date now trigger automatic reminder emails to cardholders. Reminders are sent at configurable intervals until the card is activated. Configure this from your **Dashboard > Settings > Notifications**.

> 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Account administrator changes are now easier to handle for your customers. A dedicated request form automatically collects the right supporting documents based on company type, reducing back-and-forth and speeding up processing. Share the guided form directly with your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Changing account administrator is now easier to handle for your end users. A dedicated request form automatically collects the right supporting documents based on company type, reducing back-and-forth and speeding up processing. Share the guided form directly with your customers.
```

Link the article.

> 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Account administrator changes are now easier to handle for your customers. A dedicated request form automatically collects the right supporting documents based on company type, reducing back-and-forth and speeding up processing. Share the guided form directly with your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Account administrator changes are now easier to handle for your customers. The dedicated request form determines which supporting documents are required based on company type and reason for change, so requesters upload the right documents on the first attempt. Share the guided form directly with your customers.
```

More centered around the benefit vs the problem.

## Improvements

📫 Swan now requires email address verification when creating a new project in Sandbox. This limits impersonation risk and reinforces security across all projects.

> 🛡️ The Web Banking sign-up flow has been updated to strengthen protections against social engineering and fraud. Users now complete sign-up on desktop, entering a 6-digit SMS verification code and their personal information there, then switch to mobile to complete identification via a link sent to their device.

Reviewer: Do we have content to link to for this?

> 🛡️ The Web Banking sign-up flow has been updated to strengthen protections against social engineering and fraud. Users now complete sign-up on desktop, entering a 6-digit SMS verification code and their personal information there, then switch to mobile to complete identification via a link sent to their device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🛡️ The Web Banking sign-up flow has been updated to strengthen protections against social engineering and fraud. Users now complete sign-up on desktop by entering a 6-digit SMS verification code and their personal information. They then switch to mobile to complete identification via a link sent to their device.
```
Break up the sentence.

> 🛡️ The Web Banking sign-up flow has been updated to strengthen protections against social engineering and fraud. Users now complete sign-up on desktop, entering a 6-digit SMS verification code and their personal information there, then switch to mobile to complete identification via a link sent to their device. Users now complete sign-up on desktop, entering a 6-digit SMS verification code and their personal information there, then switch to mobile to complete identification via a link sent to their device.

Author: ```suggestion
🛡️ The Web Banking sign-up flow has been updated to strengthen protections against social engineering and fraud. Users now complete sign-up on desktop, entering a 6-digit SMS verification code and their personal information there, then switch to mobile to complete identification via a link sent to their device.
```
